Hi Aubrey.  So the other day, I offered to share my work story, and wasn't sure how to tell it in the moment.  So here it is, I tried to include as much of how I felt as things went there, and just generally what my personal life was.  I don't think I experienced the same problems you have, and I don't think this is going to be particularly insightful, but I wanna share if you're interested.  So here goes *Inhales*

So, I'd really say my time at KC Robotics started in Texas.  It was Oct 2017, I was just leaving the TCEQ, basically the Texan version of the EPA, where I worked as a beuarcrat processing contracts.  It was okay at times, mostly defined manageable work with nice-ish people, but it paid so low that I didn't really see a future there, and since I had so much trouble finding mechanical jobs there, I made the decision to move back to Ohio and try here.  It also brought me closer to my mom, sister, and some old friends.  I also had no reason besides a few friends to stay in Austin, since my ex wife, who I still loved, told me she thought about it and knew she wasn't a lesbian (so transitioning would be a problem), and was having regular panic attacks around me (guy presenting) that neither of us could really understand.  So, with my marriage annulled, on a little savings and credit for about 5 months, I lived at my mom's house.  It was a hard adjustment, but I knew I wanted to get out and try stuff, without jumping back into a deep committed relationship, as nice as that was.  

I figured that nothing socially would happen while I was living with my parents, and I wanted to start taking hormones, so needing money, I found a job at KC Robotics in West Chester.  I saw red flags pretty quick working there; I was the only mechanical engineer there, they had fired the last guy (who admittedly sounded like a nightmare) just the friday before.  It was family owned, and most of the time the family lived in Florida and when they came into town, they'd make changes and just leave again.  Half the people there were outspokenly conservative, and would regularly get into yelling matches in the shop about the stupidest stuff.  But whatever, I was there for the money; I'd keep my head down, let my hair grow, pay for my hormones, and finally pay off student and car debt.  I had a lot of anxiety the first year; I felt I had a lot riding on that job, so I tried whatever I could to stay there.  Lots of weed to disconnect after work (it makes it really hard for me to focus), lots of energy drinks in the morning to feel wired, lots of work socializing so me and Carl would work together well.  I tried to still be genuine, and honestly I really enjoyed getting to know some people.  Like this guy Joe; I learned that he worked in nuclear labs for a couple years to make money, that he enjoyed jumping mazda miatas in his backyard wout out in the country, and that he was half raising his nibling; we'd play games together at work, he was dope, and I should try to reconnect with him.  I travelled a bit for work, going to trainings, listening to training courses I'd never use.  Whatever.  Anyway, I'm still anxious, but I'm making it in everyday and doing more than enough to not get fired.  I still had a really hard time watching tv or playing games, basically things I associated with my old life, but I was slowly reclaiming some things, like Avatar/Legend of Korra reruns.  It felt like progress, and so that was enough to keep me happy-ish.

Second year rolls around 2019, and I'm in the process of changing my name, so my dynamic changes.  I was thinking, I have the latitude to do things now, that I might not have the leniency to do when I'm out as Keira.  I still can't tell how unhealthy this thinking is, since it does seem like trans people get less leniency than cis folks sometimes, but idk, its what I thought at the time.  So my hair, which was then long enough to hang to my mid back, I dyed purple and blue, and I got my first 5 piercings; 1 lobe on each ear and 3 helix.  I had been going to laser and electrolysis, so I was starting to feel better and better.  By then, I had my own apartment in Northside that I loved, which was a big deal since I had only ever lived in a short term rental by myself in columbus or with my ex wife, and it was the first place just for me.  It was a place where I could hike pretty much everyday, and where I could go restart my reading habit down at sidewinders with other queer folk.  Coming out at work actually went well; nobody fought me on my name, and everyone switched to she/her without me really saying anything.  I asked Joe later, and he said it wasn't a surprise to him, since apparently I came in a couple times with smudged leftover eyeliner, lol.  The rest of that year went okay, I was still busy with laser and electrolysis and meeting and hanging out with new trans folk, like my super awesome trans friend Jessica in Dayton.  Work was reasonable; they didn't take on too complicated of projects, and started hiring on other mech engs to share workload.  By this time my boss was fired and I kind of absorbed some of his duties, which I was already doing anyway.  It really got me used to talking to vendors and requesting quotes and just making processes and standards up.  It wasn't all peaches though; I had a close friend that I had to take to the hospital (they survived), and I dated a few people who wanted way more in a relationship than what I wanted at the time.  But, things were still net positive.  

2020 rolled around, and things got tough.  After the 2 months where we could work from home, we were all asked to start coming in again, and I was the only one taking masking seriously.  I put up with it for a while, and then moved my desk into the shop where I could keep my distance, which worked a little okay.  The summer rolled around, and it got worse; those conservative arguments in the shop turned to all the BLM events happening.  I couldn't stand the thought that I was contributing to a company that supported people like Steve (who ended up by Jan 2021 going to DC for the attempted insurrection.  He claimed he was only there for the protests and didn't cross the lines to go into the capital building, but I checked the fbi pictures just in case.  They also started selling more and more complex and convoluted projects.  I had a really hard time saying 'no, I can't do all of this work at the same time', and so things really started to snowball.  They assured me someone, Randall, would teach me how to be a project manager, and then fired him a month later, leaving me to guess at this new role while still doing my design responsibilities.  I tried, I tried delegating and asking others for help, and it ended with coworkers/managers giving me bad information that I had to then correct myself.  A good company doesn't let this happen, but there was nobody to stop this; we were all just so overstretched.  I think this was the turning point, where since I didn't feel comfortable saying no, everything related went downhill.  At this point personally, I cared so much less about things, I got a lot more reckless.  This was when I started learning how to grow weed, how to procure other things, and cared so little I started taking edibles before going in.  I didn't really get much out of it, but this was also the time when I started trying out going to kink parties, which honestly turned out to be a little bit boring, but it was something new to try out.  I read what I could about bdsm and tried to date as a submissive, met a few people, and nothing really turned out.  It got worse too; the sales team got a project for munitions manufacturer in northern cinci.  I switched between not caring and actively thinking of how I could fuck over this project.  Small stuff, like using metric dowels in inch reamed holes, or a really inconvenient 3d printed mechanism to load parts, that jammed like 5x a shift.  I knew I had to get something more out of it, or that something would end badly, so I hatched the plan to buy my house.  

I bought my house around the time the owner of the company started making blatant threats that I'd be laid off, around Nov 2020.  I was going to get at least one more modicum of stability from this company, as I cared less and less.  My life got a bit messy here too; enter the mohawk phase of my new queer life, shaving off half my hair and learning to braid it.  This was when I experimented with mushrooms with some people I barely knew and who told me they liked me but not really, it was all really confusing, and wasn't a good experience overall.  This was also when I was so upset with how the system worked, I offered my spare room to a queer person in need, Ezra/Milo/Kay (he/they).  Thats a different story but ended with them trying to manipulate me to give them the room back for free after they left.  I tried to still enjoy life, and I did; I went on camping/vacations with friends like down to Asheville, NC, and it was great and relaxing.  For the work itself, it was all the same old same old, day in day out with too much on my plate, too many different things I was supposed to care.  Not that it mattered if I cared, the things I cared about weren't enough by that point.  And it was, until it wasn't and I was laid off, which I could see coming.  I felt bad, that I couldn't make that job work to give me a life I wanted anymore, a little scared that I'd lose my home but also so very happy that I didn't need to be there and do that another day.  I've since learned that it really wasn't me; they've replaced the majority of the people working there

The way I rationalize that job is that I got burntout by the end.  In the beginnning, It was only making me feel so bad to be there at work, that it was easily outweighed by the feeling good of getting my first apartment to live by myself in and the wonderful feelings of starting hrt and exploring my gender.  By the end, the feeling of making the world a worse place by working there, added with the constant worry that I'd catch covid with all these antimaskers, plus the negative attention by the management, and with the relationships that weren't fulfilling, all made the job cost just so much to me.  The way I've heard burnout described is that the costs outweigh the benefits; that you just can't get happy enough to warrant motivating yourself to work in such a miserable place.  There's more to burnout that just that simple statement, like feeling like I wasn't able to control my career/life anymore, but overall to me it seemed to fit.  
